at this time of year polar bears on
average succeed only once in 20 hunts if
the hunter is skinny like this one that
may not be often enough
all she can do is keep trying
[Music]
to prevent her scent betraying her she
makes a wide sweep to get downwind of
the seal
getting tous
she's now right behind the seal
[Applause]
incredibly she caught the seals
underwater it's only small but even so
it's blubber alone will contain a
hundred thousand calories enough to
sustain the spare for a week
[Music]
and in that time she might even catch
another
[Music]
but this can't go on forever as summer
continues temperatures are rising each
hunt requires more energy draining the
Bears
of their reserves northern Australia has
the highest tides in the tropics which
expose vast areas of shoreline and here
lives a truly extraordinary species of
octopus
[Music]
octopuses are marine animals they live
and breathe underwater at low tide most
octopuses will be imprisoned in their
rocky pool
[Music]
but this is no ordinary octopus
[Applause]
[Music]
it's the only one especially adapted to
walk on land it pulls itself along using
the hundreds of tiny suckers that line
its arms hunting for crabs with walks
from pool to pool
[Music]
a potful rather startled fish this one
is empty
so the octopus moves on a rock fool may
seem like a safe refuge but the octopus
is suckers enable it to move just as
stealthily in water as out of it
[Music]
nowhere is safe when this octopus is
around their cover blown escape seems
impossible
but these particular fish have a unique
ability
[Music]
they are flying fish
[Applause]
[Music]
with the next thrust from their tails
the flying fish get airborne once more
with a good wind they can guide for
hundreds of meters
but this is just what the frigate birds
have been waiting for
[Music]
when frigates join the hunt
the flying fish are literally caught
between the devil
and the deep blue sea
[Music]
if the flying fish get too much lift
they become easy prey for the frigates
[Music]
[Applause]
if they dive to evade attacks from above
[Music]
they could fall into the mouths of the
Dorado
[Music]
[Applause]
Lions will normally avoid hunting in
such heat but they're also opportunists
the Lions will need to bring him down
quickly before they overheat
[Music]
even away from the herd a bull is a
formidable opponent
it could go and kill a lion
[Music]
[Applause]
close to overheating they finally
succeed in bringing him to the ground
[Music]
but the massive ball is not giving up
against the odds and the full weight of
blonds he regains his feet
and it is now that the tables turn
the lions are exhausted after a
20-minute struggle only the ball has the
energy to finish the fight
[Music]
in such exposed and extreme conditions
the challenge for predators and their
prey is at its most intense food is so
hard to find this far north that a wolf
pack must search hundreds of square
kilometers if it's to be successful and
success means raising the next
generation to do that here the Wolves
must work together so the young are
raised not only by their parents but by
their aunts and uncles as well
[Music]
together they try to ensure that each
puck reaches near adult size before the
snow returns the growing pup needs more
than just a few leverets the wolves need
bigger prey and to catch that they must
hunt as a pack
[Music]
adult Harris may be easy to spot but
they're far from easy to catch
they run at 60 kilometres an hour
[Music]
to catch one the Wolves work as a team
one of them gets close enough to fight
the hares tail but a hair can change
direction in an instant
[Music]
if it can continue to sidestep and
gingka it may ultimately outlast them
[Music]
finally it gets away
for the next hair the whole pack gives
chase
[Music]
now numbers count the lead wolves keep
up the pace others run on either side so
the hare can't change direction
a tiny meal for a whole pack
[Music]